[Identity] Update after Hotfix 1.5.2: Enabling insecure connection requests on the Arc MSI (#17394)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed

- `ClientSecretCredential`, `ClientCertificateCredential` and `UsernamePasswordCredential` now throw if the required parameters are not provided (even in JavaScript).

> - **Included fix from v1.5.2:** Fixed a bug introduced on 1.5.0 that caused the `ManagedIdentityCredential` to fail authenticating in Arc environments. Since our new core disables unsafe requests by default, we had to change the security settings for the first request of the Arc MSI, which retrieves the file path where the authentication value is stored since this request generally happens through an HTTP endpoint.

Reviewer: For v2, this bug was introduced in 2.0.0-beta.5 
That was when we moved to core-rest-pipeline.
How about this?

```suggestion
- Fixed a bug introduced on 2.0.0-beta.5 that caused the `ManagedIdentityCredential` to fail authenticating in Arc environments. Since our new core disables unsafe requests by default, we had to change the security settings for the first request of the Arc MSI, which retrieves the file path where the authentication value is stored since this request generally happens through an HTTP endpoint.
```

Author: I like it! Thank you

- With this release, we've migrated from using `@azure/core-http` to `@azure/core-rest-pipeline` for the handling of HTTP requests. See [Azure Core v1 vs v2](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/core/core-rest-pipeline/documentation/core2.md) for more on the difference and benefits of the move. This removes our dependency on `node-fetch` and along with it issues we have seen in using this dependency in specific environments like Kubernetes pods.

## 1.5.2 (2021-09-01)

> - Fixed a bug introduced on 1.5.0 that caused the `ManagedIdentityCredential` to fail authenticating in Arc environments. Since our new core disables unsafe requests by default, we had to change the security settings for the first request of the Arc MSI, which retrieves the file path where the authentication value is stored since this request generally happens through an HTTP endpoint.

Reviewer: Same entry for 2.0.0-beta.6?

Author: Ahh thank you!!

Author: Done!
